So now,
let's do something more complicated.
So let's describe getRepositories.
Okay, this is plural, right?
GetRepository was getting one.
This is a plural,
which is we have to do more than one.
And I think I wanna show off.
All repositories for a user.
And the thing that needs to happen is,
we need to do pagination, right?
We need to be able to talk to multiple
fetch requests inside of a single test,
because the first page gets you
x number of Items, and so on.
The thing we want is we wanna
say const responsePromise
= api.getRepositories for username, right?
And we wanna expect that the fetch
mark to have been called with,
it's gonna go to a users/ USERNAME.
Is that the correct one?
So it's correct.
But here, it should say per page 30.
So I want 30 repos per page,
and we need pages =1.
So we're doing pagination, right?
We're gonna have other
things coming through.
Now, because we already tested
that headers are correctly done.
I don't wanna keep repeating
myself here and doing that.
So you can say expect any object here,
basically, we're saying.
You know what, I really don't
care what's gonna come here,
because that's not
really part of the test.
We already proved to ourselves
that we can do this.
Let's not keep repeating ourselves because
in the future who wanted to change this,
you don't wanna be changing this
thing in 50 different locations.
And here, we're basically saying,
look, this is not important over here.
I know that some things
have to be done over here,
it's not really done That important.
And of course,
we need to then say fetchMock.
So we wanna resolve this thing.
Now, what we're gonna do is we're
gonna get an array here, right?
And so we're gonna,
oops, I had this right.
Let's push again.
So we're resolve new Response.
JSON.stringify.
And so we're gonna have a bunch of
repos in here, but those repos,
we're gonna build up in a second here.
RepoSet 1, And
we're gonna fill in
the details of it here later.
So we're gonna get one set of repos here.
And then, what we're gonna expect is that
we will have another one of these calls.
And this time,
it's gonna ask for page two.
And then, we will have to respond
with repoSet 2, something like this.
And finally, we want to be able to
assert that if I await response,
then it returns basically
both of these sets in here.
Now, to create this,
how do we know that we need to go further?
We know we need to go further because
we are gonna have 30 items in an array.
And so it knows that if it gets 30
items because it has page size of 30,
then there is a next page, right?
So if we just repo this,
so we fill this with.
Okay, let's do it as a map.
Map, which gets a index and
returns a id, let's say 1.
And then, the second repo,
we will just return single one id s 31,
right?
And so then, we assert that we have
received both of these parts, and
we're sending it as string five versions,
and we get it back as the string five.
So we wrote a test, right?
And this notice this is TDD, right?
We kind of described what
we want ahead of time.
And because we're describing
what we want ahead of time,
it's pretty easy to make
the test look neat.
What you can get yourself into trouble
with is if you write the code first,
then it's very difficult then afterwards
to write the test because you
don't have the right hooks.
But because we wrote the test first,
it's gonna be really easy for us to go and
implement what we wanted.
It's pretty straightforward.
I would imagine, right?
>> So I have a question actually.
So in this case, you add the fetch and
delay function as an argument
to your GitHub, API, right?
>> Mm-hm.
>> And the reason for that is because you
wrote a test that want mock those
particular arguments, right?
Well, a lot of times, you also want to
abstract those details away from the user.
You want to high fetch, and also delay.
So how do you balance that?
Do you just write your code
based on your test that way?
Yeah, so that's a good question.
You would probably create some
kind of a factory for it.
So there's a couple of ways to do it.
So here,
what we could do is we could make sure
that all of these have a default value.
Let me kinda show this.
I think if I just say, fetch here,
which is a default implementing, right?
And I say delay here.
I'm pretty sure this is gonna fail.
No, it's passing, actually,
look at that, it passes.
Okay, so you create your constructor
with defaults set up such that
anybody can just instantiate and
get the correct things in there.
That's one way to do it.
The other way is to have some other
object responsible for creation,
and then you can then ask it to give
it to you as a production mode, or
inside of a test mode, right?
So that instead of going directly inside
your code base and instantiating one of
these things, you could go through
a slight level of indirection and
say, okay,
have this builder give me what I want, and
then you know that this thing is
already configured in the way you want.
And I think this is important because if
you're doing something in production, for
example, this has to be configured
with the current token, right?
And that's a security thing that you
don't wanna check into your code base.
So how do you set up the system so that
you can easily get a hold of this API,
but at the same time configure
with the correct token already.
So again, you probably wanna have kind of
a additional third object responsible for,
for building these things up for you.
Right, so now,
that I have this, we can go in.
And we can use Copilot to do its magic.
So let's see,
declare method getRepositories.
And here it is.
Let's give it the username.
And so now,, we would like to
just make an implementation.
So right now,
it says it just throws an error.
And so that's what the error one over
here says, like this particular.
Test failed because you don't
have an implementation in here,
so let's implement it.
So it's gonna be async, so
we are gonna be in the loop, right?
So, and then what we will do is
we're gonna keep fetching stuff.
Let's see, what is this?
Is this correct?
Let page equals 1, let's see.
So we're in the loop, we keep fetching
it as long as the JSON length is 30.
As long as we have things of
just trying to break it, I see.
Why we can break it, that's fine.
As long as it's less than 30.
Repositories push.
Okay, so this is gonna be true.
And we need to declare repositories.
Costn repositories, look at
Okay so,
>> Because we didnt do the second object.
So we probably wanna reuse this code.
I'm just gonna copy it.
No, not like that.
It's gonna be headers.
Okay, why are you not happy?
In my thing,
I never had the second expectation.
I just had the resolution.
Yeah, and this one has to be 1.
So what is this?
>> I is actually the second
parameter in map.
>> Yeah, underscore I
>> Underscore i, yeah, right?
>> But even then,
why am I getting all this nulls here?
It's like this map doesn't run.
>> You have to fill it with null.
Now it has the right objects, OK.
We don't have the 31st object.
That's because, right, we exit too early.
So we need to move this
piece of code above.
Look at that.
We found a bug in our implementation.
There we go, okay.
But notice we found a bug,
as in the copilot generated this push.
It exited before it pushed it in there,
right?
Interesting that you would
just get this particular bug.
The main thing I wanna show off, though,
is how you basically compose these
things and how you can get bigger and
bigger things in here.
>> Testing asynchronous code is difficult.
>> Testing asynchronous code is difficult,
but
I wanna point out just how useful
it is to have these marks.
Because with marks you get to
control when things resolve.
When you control when things resolve,
you can do all these things.
By the way,
I think I have to add this delay here.
Yeah, it fails without this delay.
This is an example for it, right?
We resolve this particular promise,
but because we don't yield to
the skill Scheduler, our test blocks,
the schedule from running.
And so await delay(0) is a common trick
to basically just yield to the schedule,
so that the other promises can run.
So when we come back,
we can go and assert other things.